Add blog post for GitLab Project Integrations (#4074)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/gitlab-project-integration/index.md

---
title: "Amp-up GitLab Merge Requests With Pulumi"
authors: ["praneet-loke"]
tags: ["GitLab CI/CD","Pulumi"]
date: "2020-08-26"
meta_desc: "We are excited to announce the launch of first-class support for integrating GitLab Merge Requests with Pulumi."
meta_image: pulumi_gitlab.png
---

> We are excited to announce the launch of first-class support for integrating GitLab Merge Requests with Pulumi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce the launch of native support for integrating GitLab Merge Requests with Pulumi.
```

By integrating your GitLab Projects directly with Pulumi, you can now approve your merge requests
with confidence.

<!--more-->

## New To Pulumi and GitLab CI/CD?

GitLab's [merge request pipelines](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/merge_request_pipelines/) runs a CI/CD workflow for building and testing your software.
Pulumi makes a great addition to it, by allowing you to preview any infrastructure changes as part of your merge request flow.

> Using the merge request pipeline feature together with Pulumi can help validate the changes to your infrastructure before they are applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the merge request pipeline feature with Pulumi can validate the changes to your infrastructure before they are applied.
```

> Once validated and approved through a peer-review process, you can apply your changes quickly and continuously with confidence while doing so;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once validated and approved through a peer-review process, you can apply your changes quickly and continuously with confidence while doing so,
```

a process commonly referred to as GitOps for infrastructure.

> In order to leverage GitOps for your infrastructure, the Pulumi CLI offers two commands: `preview` and `up`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To leverage GitOps for your infrastructure, the Pulumi CLI offers two commands: `preview` and `up`.
```

Concept | Pulumi command | Role
--- | --- | ---
Merge requests pipeline | `pulumi preview` | Preview infrastructure changes to be merged.
Master branch pipeline | `pulumi up`  | Update your infrastructure with latest changes

> Learn how to use [Pulumi in GitLab CI/CD]({{< relref "docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-ci" >}}) with merge request pipelines as well as how to configure the [GitLab project integration with Pulumi]({{< relref "docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-app" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn how to use [Pulumi in GitLab CI/CD]({{< relref "docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-ci" >}}) with merge request pipelines and how to configure the [GitLab project integration with Pulumi]({{< relref "docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-app" >}}).
```

## Already Using Both?

> If you are already a user of either or both of Pulumi and GitLab CI/CD, then you probably already

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are already a user of either Pulumi and GitLab CI/CD, you
```

know the importance of merge request pipelines and running Pulumi within them.

> With today's announcement you can now make any changes to your infrastructure in your merge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With today's announcement, you can now make any changes to your infrastructure in your merge
```

request front and center, so you don't miss any of those changes.

Here's a _preview_ of what that looks like 😉

![Merge Request Note](/images/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-app/merge_request_note.png)  

> Head over to our docs to learn how to [configure the GitLab integration]({{< relref "docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-app" >}}) whether it's for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Head over to our docs to learn how to [configure the GitLab integration]({{< relref "docs/guides/continuous-delivery/gitlab-app" >}}), whether for
```

Author: Hmm `it's` is needed here, no?

a single project or all of the projects under a GitLab Group.

> GitLab provides lots of tools for helping you streamline your application delivery, and the new integration with Pulumi makes things even better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitLab provides lots of tools for streamlining your application delivery, and the new integration with Pulumi makes things even better.
```
